Add inapplicable examples for the audio/video autoplay rule (#2371)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/audio-or-video-avoids-automatically-playing-audio-80f0bf.md

- **autoplay**: the element has an `autoplay` [attribute value][] of `true`; and
- **not muted**: the element has a `muted` [attribute value][] of `false`; and
- **not paused**: the element has a `paused` [attribute value][] of `false`; and

> - **play time**: the element has a [media resource][] that contains audio and that stops after no more than 3 seconds. This can be changed by authors, for example using a [temporal media fragment URI](https://www.w3.org/TR/media-frags/#naming-time) (`#t`) in the source URI.

Reviewer: I believe this is incorrect. In the context of:

> This rule applies to any `audio` or `video` element for which all the following are true:

If we only consider videos with a play time of < 3s, the SC would always pass by default.
Instead, I believe we should consider:
- all videos, with the two stated expectations applied OR
- only videos longer > 3s, with only the 1st expectation needed, since videos shorter than 3 seconds would be considered inapplicable.

#### Passed Example 2

> This `video` element is longer than 3 seconds, autoplays, and has an [instrument][] to pause, stop, or turn the audio volume off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `video` element is longer than 3 seconds and autoplays; however, it passes the rule because it provides an [instrument][] that allows the user to pause, stop, or turn the audio volume off.
```

Suggestion to clearly separate the conditions that would cause the rule to fail from those that allow it to pass, explicitly highlighting the feature that makes the rule pass.

#### Inapplicable Example 3

This `video` element does not play for longer than 3 seconds.

```html
<video autoplay>
	<source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.mp4#t=8,10" type="video/mp4" />

> 	<source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.webm#t=8,10" type="video/webm" />

Reviewer 2: This one's actually kind of tricky. The media resource has a duration of 13 seconds, but the video has a play time of 2 seconds. I think we'll need to update the applicability.

Something like:

```
- **play time**: the element has a [media resource][] that contains audio and that stops no more than 3 

**Note**: For most videos the start time is 0, and the stop time is the end of the video. In HTML the `t` parameter allows content authors to set the start and stop time of a video.
```

@Jym77 WDYT?

Reviewer 3: Yes, good point. Maybe phrasing the second sentence a bit more generically and with a link to specs:
```
This can be changed by authors, for example using a [temporal media fragment URI](https://www.w3.org/TR/media-frags/#naming-time) (`#t`) in the source URI.
```

</video>
```

#### Inapplicable Example 4

> This `video` element autoplays but paused.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This `video` element autoplays but is paused.
```
